README.md, before:

# JQuants.jl

[![CI](https://github.com/ki-chi/JQuants.jl/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/ki-chi/JQuants.jl/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![][docs-stable-img]][docs-stable-url] [![][docs-dev-img]][docs-dev-url]

[The J-Quants API](https://application.jpx-jquants.com/) wrapper for Julia. 

The J-Quants API is an distribution service that delivers historical stock prices and financial statements data through API,
provided by JPX Market Innovation & Research, Inc.
The API service is provided as a beta version, and the API specifications are subject to change in the future. 

This client package helps you easily use the API from Julia. 

# How to use

## Installation

In the Julia REPL:

```
] JQuants
```

or

```
julia> using Pkg; Pkg.add("JQuants")
```

## Authorization

You have to [register](https://application.jpx-jquants.com/register) to use the J-Quants API.
If you choose to authorize by using "Refresh token", you should get the token from [the portal of J-Quants API](https://application.jpx-jquants.com/).
You can also authorize using the email address and password registered for the J-Quants API.

```julia
julia> using JQuants

julia> authorize([YOUR REFRESH TOKEN])
true
```

or

```julia
julia> authorize([YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS], [PASSWORD])
true
```

## Get market data

This package covers [all APIs](https://jpx.gitbook.io/j-quants-api-en/api-reference)
for downloading data by the J-Quants API.

```julia
# Run after authorization

julia> getinfo();  # Get listed issues

julia> getsections();  # Get definitions of sector codes (in Japanese)

julia> getdailyquotes(date="2022-09-09");  # Get daily stock prices

julia> getdailyquotes(date=Date(2022, 9, 9));  # Dates.Date type is also OK

julia> getfinstatements(code="86970");  # Get financial statements

julia> getfinannouncement(); # Get announcement of the next-day financial disclosure

julia> gettradesspecs();  # Get investment trend statistics by investor types

julia> gettopix();  # Get daily 'TOPIX' index data
```

See the [documentation][docs-stable-url] for detailed usage of the functions.

# Disclaimers

- No recommendation to trade in financial instrument using this package
- Not responsible for any profit or loss resulting from the use of this package
- Not guarantee any of the accuracy of the information obtained through this package


# Reference

- [J-Quants API](https://application.jpx-jquants.com/)
- [J-Quants API Reference](https://jpx.gitbook.io/j-quants-api-en/api-reference)


# Acknowledgments

Several ideas were taken from the packages below:

- [J-Quants/jquants-api-client-python](https://github.com/J-Quants/jquants-api-client-python): Python package for the J-Quants API
- [J-Quants/JQuantsR](https://github.com/J-Quants/JQuantsR): R package for the J-Quants API


[docs-dev-img]: https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-dev-blue.svg
[docs-dev-url]: https://ki-chi.github.io/JQuants.jl/dev/

[docs-stable-img]: https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-stable-blue.svg
[docs-stable-url]: https://ki-chi.github.io/JQuants.jl/stable/

Commit message:

Support the production version of the JQuants API (#34)
* feat: add DataScheme type for columns' type definitions

* feat: add PricesDailyQuotes data definition

* feat: complete dataschema for all API

* feat: add keyword argument 'types'

* fix: fix URI of API

* feat: add new endpoints

* fix: remove unused endpoint in prod

* doc: update README

* doc: replace 'get' to 'fetch'

* fix: remove ListedSections API

* feat: add each API struct with 'endpoint' method

* [WIP] feat: add constructors for API with params validation

* feat: create 'fetch' function for JQuants APIs

* feat: define dataschemes for all apis

* feat: move JSON parsing process from get/post

* doc: improve docstring

* fix: remove a unused variable

* fix: missing commas

* fix: change date format for the production API

* feat: add JQuantsInvalidParameterError

* fix: debug authorization and query in post

* fix: skip the coltype conversion if the column not found

* fix: fix typos

* feat: add FinsDividend parameter specs

* fix: clean utils.jl

* fix: fix the optional argument of `fetch` method

* feat: remove the old version script get_data.jl

* test: fix tests

* ci: update environment variables

* ci: small fix

* ci: update actions

README.md, after:

# JQuants.jl

[![CI](https://github.com/ki-chi/JQuants.jl/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/ki-chi/JQuants.jl/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![][docs-stable-img]][docs-stable-url] [![][docs-dev-img]][docs-dev-url]

[The J-Quants API](https://jpx-jquants.com/?lang=en) wrapper for Julia. 

The J-Quants API is an distribution service that delivers historical stock prices and financial statements data through API,
provided by JPX Market Innovation & Research, Inc.

This client package helps you easily use the API from Julia. 

# How to use

## Installation

In the Julia REPL:

```
] JQuants
```

or

```
julia> using Pkg; Pkg.add("JQuants")
```

## Authorization

You have to [register](https://jpx-jquants.com/auth/signup/?lang=en) to use the J-Quants API.
You may also grant authentication credentials through employment of a "Refresh token," or alternatively, by employing the email address and password that was previously registered for the J-Quants API.

```julia
julia> using JQuants

julia> authorize([YOUR REFRESH TOKEN])
true
```

or

```julia
julia> authorize([YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS], [PASSWORD])
true
```

## Fetch market data

This package covers [APIs](https://jpx.gitbook.io/j-quants-en/api-reference)
for downloading data by the J-Quants API.

```julia
# Run after authorization

julia> fetch(ListedInfo());  # Fetch listed issues

julia> fetch(DailyQuotes(date="2022-09-09"));  # Fetch daily stock prices

julia> fetch(DailyQuotes(date=Date(2022, 9, 9)));  # Dates.Date type is also OK

julia> fetch(FinStatements(code="86970"));  # Fetch financial statements

julia> fetch(FinAnnouncement()); # Fetch announcement of the next-day financial disclosure

julia> fetch(TradesSpec());  # Fetch investment trend statistics by investor types

julia> fetch(Topix());  # Fetch daily 'TOPIX' index data
```

See the [documentation][docs-stable-url] for detailed usage of the functions.

# Disclaimers

- No recommendation to trade in financial instrument using this package
- Not responsible for any profit or loss resulting from the use of this package
- Not guarantee any of the accuracy of the information obtained through this package


# Reference

- [J-Quants API](https://jpx-jquants.com/?lang=en)
- [J-Quants API Reference](https://jpx.gitbook.io/j-quants-en/api-reference)


# Acknowledgments

Several ideas were taken from the packages below:

- [J-Quants/jquants-api-client-python](https://github.com/J-Quants/jquants-api-client-python): Python package for the J-Quants API
- [J-Quants/JQuantsR](https://github.com/J-Quants/JQuantsR): R package for the J-Quants API


[docs-dev-img]: https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-dev-blue.svg
[docs-dev-url]: https://ki-chi.github.io/JQuants.jl/dev/

[docs-stable-img]: https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-stable-blue.svg
[docs-stable-url]: https://ki-chi.github.io/JQuants.jl/stable/
